com/example/nutritionapp/Model/ContactsCallback.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.ContactsCallback
com/example/nutritionapp/databinding/FragmentMainMenuBinding.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.databinding.FragmentMainMenuBinding
com/example/nutritionapp/Model/MyFireStoreHandler.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.MyFireStoreHandler
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.MyFireStoreHandler$1
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.MyFireStoreHandler$10
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.MyFireStoreHandler$11
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.MyFireStoreHandler$12
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.MyFireStoreHandler$13
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.MyFireStoreHandler$14
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.MyFireStoreHandler$15
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.MyFireStoreHandler$16
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.MyFireStoreHandler$17
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.MyFireStoreHandler$18
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.MyFireStoreHandler$19
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.MyFireStoreHandler$2
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.MyFireStoreHandler$20
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.MyFireStoreHandler$21
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.MyFireStoreHandler$22
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.MyFireStoreHandler$23
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.MyFireStoreHandler$3
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.MyFireStoreHandler$4
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.MyFireStoreHandler$5
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.MyFireStoreHandler$6
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.MyFireStoreHandler$7
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.MyFireStoreHandler$8
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.MyFireStoreHandler$9
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.MyFireStoreHandler$RecipesCallback
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.MyFireStoreHandler$RequestCallback
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.MyFireStoreHandler$RequestDataCallback
com/example/nutritionapp/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
com/example/nutritionapp/ShowWeightProgressActivity.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.ShowWeightProgressActivity
 com.example.nutritionapp.ShowWeightProgressActivity$1
 com.example.nutritionapp.ShowWeightProgressActivity$2
com/example/nutritionapp/MenuFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.MenuFragmentDirections
 com.example.nutritionapp.MenuFragmentDirections$1
 com.example.nutritionapp.MenuFragmentDirections$ActionMenuFragmentToStatusFragment
com/example/nutritionapp/CustomAdapterForUsersList.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.CustomAdapterForUsersList
com/example/nutritionapp/CustomAdapterForChat.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.CustomAdapterForChat
 com.example.nutritionapp.CustomAdapterForChat$1
 com.example.nutritionapp.CustomAdapterForChat$2
 com.example.nutritionapp.CustomAdapterForChat$3
 com.example.nutritionapp.CustomAdapterForChat$MyListener
com/example/nutritionapp/BaseActivity.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.BaseActivity
com/example/nutritionapp/AddRecipeActivity.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.AddRecipeActivity
com/example/nutritionapp/ProfileActivity.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.ProfileActivity
 com.example.nutritionapp.ProfileActivity$1
com/example/nutritionapp/UploadPictureActivity.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.UploadPictureActivity
 com.example.nutritionapp.UploadPictureActivity$1
 com.example.nutritionapp.UploadPictureActivity$2
 com.example.nutritionapp.UploadPictureActivity$3
com/example/nutritionapp/StatusFragmentArgs.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.StatusFragmentArgs
 com.example.nutritionapp.StatusFragmentArgs$1
 com.example.nutritionapp.StatusFragmentArgs$Builder
com/example/nutritionapp/viewModel/ProfileViewModel.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.viewModel.ProfileViewModel
com/example/nutritionapp/MyAppGlideModule.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.MyAppGlideModule
com/example/nutritionapp/databinding/ActivityContactsBinding.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.databinding.ActivityContactsBinding
com/example/nutritionapp/databinding/ActivityChoosePictureBinding.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.databinding.ActivityChoosePictureBinding
com/example/nutritionapp/Model/RecipeItem.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.RecipeItem
com/example/nutritionapp/databinding/FragmentInformationListBinding.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.databinding.FragmentInformationListBinding
com/example/nutritionapp/databinding/ActivityShowWeightProgressBinding.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.databinding.ActivityShowWeightProgressBinding
com/example/nutritionapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.BuildConfig
com/example/nutritionapp/MainMenuFragment.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.MainMenuFragment
 com.example.nutritionapp.MainMenuFragment$1
 com.example.nutritionapp.MainMenuFragment$MyAdapter
com/example/nutritionapp/MenuScreenActivity.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.MenuScreenActivity
com/example/nutritionapp/databinding/UserRowBinding.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.databinding.UserRowBinding
com/example/nutritionapp/RecipeListActivity.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.RecipeListActivity
 com.example.nutritionapp.RecipeListActivity$1
 com.example.nutritionapp.RecipeListActivity$RecipesAdapter
 com.example.nutritionapp.RecipeListActivity$RecipesAdapter$RecipesViewHolder
 com.example.nutritionapp.RecipeListActivity$RecipesAdapter$RecipesViewHolder$1
com/example/nutritionapp/databinding/ChatRowBinding.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.databinding.ChatRowBinding
com/example/nutritionapp/Model/Contact.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.Contact
com/example/nutritionapp/viewModel/MenuViewModel.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.viewModel.MenuViewModel
com/example/nutritionapp/Model/App.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.App
com/example/nutritionapp/InformationListFragment.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.InformationListFragment
com/example/nutritionapp/MenuFragment.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.MenuFragment
 com.example.nutritionapp.MenuFragment$1
 com.example.nutritionapp.MenuFragment$2
 com.example.nutritionapp.MenuFragment$MyAdapter
com/example/nutritionapp/databinding/ListRowBinding.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.databinding.ListRowBinding
com/example/nutritionapp/SplashscreenActivity.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.SplashscreenActivity
 com.example.nutritionapp.SplashscreenActivity$1
com/example/nutritionapp/Model/InformationDataItem.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.InformationDataItem
com/example/nutritionapp/ProfileFragment.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.ProfileFragment
 com.example.nutritionapp.ProfileFragment$1
com/example/nutritionapp/InformationActivity.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.InformationActivity
 com.example.nutritionapp.InformationActivity$1
 com.example.nutritionapp.InformationActivity$MyAdapter
 com.example.nutritionapp.InformationActivity$MyViewHolder
 com.example.nutritionapp.InformationActivity$MyViewHolder$1
 com.example.nutritionapp.InformationActivity$OnItemClickListener
com/example/nutritionapp/databinding/ActivityMenuScreenBinding.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.databinding.ActivityMenuScreenBinding
com/example/nutritionapp/databinding/ActivityStatusBinding.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.databinding.ActivityStatusBinding
com/example/nutritionapp/StatusFragment.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.StatusFragment
 com.example.nutritionapp.StatusFragment$1
 com.example.nutritionapp.StatusFragment$2
 com.example.nutritionapp.StatusFragment$3
 com.example.nutritionapp.StatusFragment$4
 com.example.nutritionapp.StatusFragment$5
com/example/nutritionapp/databinding/StatusFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.databinding.StatusFragmentBinding
com/example/nutritionapp/viewModel/StatusViewModel.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.viewModel.StatusViewModel
com/example/nutritionapp/databinding/ActivitySplashscreenBinding.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.databinding.ActivitySplashscreenBinding
com/example/nutritionapp/databinding/ActivityAllrecipesBinding.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.databinding.ActivityAllrecipesBinding
com/example/nutritionapp/databinding/ActivityChatBinding.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.databinding.ActivityChatBinding
com/example/nutritionapp/databinding/ActivityMenuScreenOldBinding.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.databinding.ActivityMenuScreenOldBinding
com/example/nutritionapp/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/nutritionapp/RegisterActivity.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.RegisterActivity
 com.example.nutritionapp.RegisterActivity$1
 com.example.nutritionapp.RegisterActivity$1$1
 com.example.nutritionapp.RegisterActivity$1$1$1
 com.example.nutritionapp.RegisterActivity$2
 com.example.nutritionapp.RegisterActivity$3
com/example/nutritionapp/databinding/ActivityAddRecipeBinding.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.databinding.ActivityAddRecipeBinding
com/example/nutritionapp/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.LoginActivity
 com.example.nutritionapp.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.nutritionapp.LoginActivity$1$1
 com.example.nutritionapp.LoginActivity$1$1$1
 com.example.nutritionapp.LoginActivity$2
com/example/nutritionapp/NutritionApp.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.NutritionApp
com/example/nutritionapp/databinding/ActivityInformationBinding.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.databinding.ActivityInformationBinding
com/example/nutritionapp/Model/MenuItem.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.MenuItem
com/example/nutritionapp/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/nutritionapp/Model/MyFireStorageHandler.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.MyFireStorageHandler
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.MyFireStorageHandler$1
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.MyFireStorageHandler$2
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.MyFireStorageHandler$3
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.MyFireStorageHandler$4
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.MyFireStorageHandler$5
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.MyFireStorageHandler$EnumStatus
 com.example.nutritionapp.model.MyFireStorageHandler$RequestCallback
com/example/nutritionapp/ContactActivity.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.ContactActivity
 com.example.nutritionapp.ContactActivity$1
 com.example.nutritionapp.ContactActivity$1$1
 com.example.nutritionapp.ContactActivity$ContactsRecyclerViewvAdapter
 com.example.nutritionapp.ContactActivity$ContactsRecyclerViewvAdapter$1
 com.example.nutritionapp.ContactActivity$ContactsRecyclerViewvAdapter$2
 com.example.nutritionapp.ContactActivity$ContactsRecyclerViewvAdapter$3
 com.example.nutritionapp.ContactActivity$ContactsRecyclerViewvAdapter$4
 com.example.nutritionapp.ContactActivity$ContactsRecyclerViewvAdapter$5
 com.example.nutritionapp.ContactActivity$ContactsRecyclerViewvAdapter$ContactsViewHolder
 com.example.nutritionapp.ContactActivity$MyOnRowControlClickListener
com/example/nutritionapp/ChatActivity.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.ChatActivity
 com.example.nutritionapp.ChatActivity$1
 com.example.nutritionapp.ChatActivity$2
 com.example.nutritionapp.ChatActivity$3
 com.example.nutritionapp.ChatActivity$4
 com.example.nutritionapp.ChatActivity$4$1
 com.example.nutritionapp.ChatActivity$5
 com.example.nutritionapp.ChatActivity$6
 com.example.nutritionapp.ChatActivity$7
com/example/nutritionapp/MainActivity.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.MainActivity
com/example/nutritionapp/databinding/MenuFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.databinding.MenuFragmentBinding
com/example/nutritionapp/databinding/ActivityProfileBinding.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.databinding.ActivityProfileBinding
com/example/nutritionapp/databinding/RecipeItemBinding.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.databinding.RecipeItemBinding
com/example/nutritionapp/RecipeDetailsActivity.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.RecipeDetailsActivity
 com.example.nutritionapp.RecipeDetailsActivity$1
com/example/nutritionapp/databinding/ProfileFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.databinding.ProfileFragmentBinding
com/example/nutritionapp/databinding/ContactRowBinding.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.databinding.ContactRowBinding
com/example/nutritionapp/databinding/ActivityBaseBinding.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.databinding.ActivityBaseBinding
com/example/nutritionapp/databinding/ActivityRecipeDetailsBinding.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.databinding.ActivityRecipeDetailsBinding
com/example/nutritionapp/StatusActivity.java
 com.example.nutritionapp.StatusActivity
 com.example.nutritionapp.StatusActivity$1
 com.example.nutritionapp.StatusActivity$2
 com.example.nutritionapp.StatusActivity$3
